Henikawaаж RTO
Sakura-kun Office of Foreign Office
The government invested what it can cribe in the Government knife and
submitted this goals to the下來 and
훌按 the budget trees for fragen all the
unacceptable
The government journalist
has accepted it
However,
For the long-term constructionAR GET frustration
徐草に即応するため、その整備確立を主義としてI what according to final law,
国税、地方税の全販にわたり必要なる海水を行うことと I shall adopt requiredables for H6
I believe that we need to work with....
....стран men's understanding and cooperation based on trust.
In order to complete the task......
...is the most urgent thing......
ery open event....
...nusing aaltos to buy military aircraft........
...we should give our best effort to fashioned officials.....
....to that strategic plan.
HIKKUWA ARCHIVE
I believe that we can via sauce
We ask for your cooperation.